JavaScript is in kind of a weird,
I wouldn't say weird, but
kind of in an interesting position
right now as a langauge and a platform.
Because it's been around for a while,
but just recently,
it's only been in the past six, seven,
eight years that it started becoming
like a actual development platform.
Because prior to that you had browser and
compatibility issues and
all sorts of crazy stuff that kinda kept
it from, being kind of a unified platform.
And then all of a sudden,
it all started kinda converging together.
And then Node.js came out so now you've
got server side JavaScript and so
everything's just exploding right now.
>> Yeah.
>> There's so many toolkits and
frameworks coming out for
it right now it's kinda crazy.
Java went through the same thing
20 years ago so sorta the same.
>> Yeah, I think, though, JavaScript's
trajectory is gonna get even stranger.
>> Yeah.
>> It's probably.
>> Cuz of WebAssembly.
I don't know if you knew this, but
WebAssembly is already
in Node behind a flag.
I think it's enable wazum,
something like that.
Anyways, you could figure it out,
whatever it is, but
it's already in browsers as well.
So it's like how's that gonna
change how we deal with code
that runs in the browser?
Because now you can write code in any
language and use it from JavaScript or
use it from some other
WebAssembly language and
you can put your hot code
paths in WebAssembly.
Who even knows what language you wrote
that in, maybe rust, maybe C, maybe,
I don't know, some new language
nobody even knows about yet.
It's gonna get even more strange